CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to Science Journal iOS

## I have a question or want to report a problem

### App Store downloaded Science Journal

If you're having a problem with [Science Journal from the App Store](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/science-journal-by-google/id1251205555?mt=8), the fastest way to get support is by using the in-app feedback button. This can be found by navigating to the experiment list screen, tapping on the hamburger menu, and then tapping "Feedback".

### Downloaded and built from GitHub

If you built the app yourself, somebody else, or any other distribution channel that wasn't Apple's App Store, this section is for you!

Before submitting a new GitHub issue, please make sure to

- Check out our forums [Science Journal forums](https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!forum/sciencejournal)
- Check out the README in [this repo](https://github.com/google/science-journal-ios/blob/master/README.md)
- Search for [existing GitHub issues](https://github.com/google/science-journal-ios/issues)

If the above doesn't help, please [submit an issue](https://github.com/google/science-journal-ios/issues) on GitHub and provide information about your setup.

**Note**: If you want to report a regression in Science Journal iOS (something that has worked before, but broke with a new release), please mark your issue title as such using `[Regression] Your title here`. This enables us to quickly detect and fix regressions.

## I want to contribute to Science Journal iOS

- To start working on Science Journal iOS, check out [Your First PR](https://github.com/google/science-journal-ios/blob/master/YOUR_FIRST_PR.md).

### Google Contributor License Agreement (CLA)

Upon your first pull request to Science Journal iOS, the [googlebot](https://github.com/googlebot) will ask you to sign the Google Contributor License Agreement. Once the CLA has been accepted, the PR will be available to merge and you will not be asked to sign it again unless your GitHub username or email address changes.

## Why did my issue/PR get closed?

It's not you, it's us! Science Journal iOS might receive a lot of issues and PRs. In order to effectively work through them and give each the prompt attention it deserves, we need to keep a sharp focus on the work we have outstanding.

One way we do this is by closing issues that we don't feel are immediately actionable. This might mean that we need more information in order to investigate or, it might mean that we haven't been able to reproduce it using the provided info. In this case we might close the issue while we wait for others to reproduce the problem and possibly provide some more info that unlocks the mystery.

**A closed issue is not necessarily the end of the story!** If more info becomes available after an issue is closed, it can be reopened for further consideration.

One of the best ways we can keep Science Journal iOS an approachable, stable, and dependable app is to be deliberate about how we choose to modify it. If we don't adopt your changes or new feature, that doesn't mean it was bad work! It may be that the Science Journal philosophy about how to accomplish a particular task doesn't align well with your approach. The best way to make sure that your time is well spent in contributing to Science Journal iOS is to **start your work** on a modification or new feature **by opening an issue to discuss the problem or shortcoming**. As the Science Journal iOS maintainers, we will do our best to give early feedback about whether a particular goal and approach is likely to be something we want to adopt!

## Code of Conduct

Help us keep Science Journal iOS open and inclusive. Please read and follow our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/google/science-journal-ios/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## License

This project is licensed under the terms of the Apache 2.0 license. See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/google/science-journal-ios/blob/master/LICENSE.md) file.

Commit message:

Update documentation to give folks more info on what we can’t accept (#11)
Update documentation to give folks more info on what we can’t accept

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to Science Journal iOS

## I have a question or want to report a problem

### App Store downloaded Science Journal

If you're having a problem with [Science Journal from the App Store](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/science-journal-by-google/id1251205555?mt=8), the fastest way to get support is by using the in-app feedback button. This can be found by navigating to the experiment list screen, tapping on the hamburger menu, and then tapping "Feedback".

### Downloaded and built from GitHub

If you built the app yourself, somebody else, or any other distribution channel that wasn't Apple's App Store, this section is for you!

Before submitting a new GitHub issue, please make sure to

- Check out our forums [Science Journal forums](https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!forum/sciencejournal)
- Check out the README in [this repo](https://github.com/google/science-journal-ios/blob/master/README.md)
- Search for [existing GitHub issues](https://github.com/google/science-journal-ios/issues)

If the above doesn't help, please [submit an issue](https://github.com/google/science-journal-ios/issues) on GitHub and provide information about your setup.

**Note**: If you want to report a regression in Science Journal iOS (something that has worked before, but broke with a new release), please mark your issue title as such using `[Regression] Your title here`. This enables us to quickly detect and fix regressions.

## I want to contribute to Science Journal iOS

- To start working on Science Journal iOS, check out [Your First PR](https://github.com/google/science-journal-ios/blob/master/YOUR_FIRST_PR.md).
- We have a few limits on what changes we can accept, from a techinical perspective. It might not be obvious, so please read [Change Limitations](https://github.com/google/science-journal-ios/blob/master/CHANGE_LIMITATIONS.md).

### Google Contributor License Agreement (CLA)

Upon your first pull request to Science Journal iOS, the [googlebot](https://github.com/googlebot) will ask you to sign the Google Contributor License Agreement. Once the CLA has been accepted, the PR will be available to merge and you will not be asked to sign it again unless your GitHub username or email address changes.

## Why did my issue/PR get closed?

It's not you, it's us! Science Journal iOS might receive a lot of issues and PRs. In order to effectively work through them and give each the prompt attention it deserves, we need to keep a sharp focus on the work we have outstanding.

One way we do this is by closing issues that we don't feel are immediately actionable. This might mean that we need more information in order to investigate or, it might mean that we haven't been able to reproduce it using the provided info. In this case we might close the issue while we wait for others to reproduce the problem and possibly provide some more info that unlocks the mystery.

**A closed issue is not necessarily the end of the story!** If more info becomes available after an issue is closed, it can be reopened for further consideration.

One of the best ways we can keep Science Journal iOS an approachable, stable, and dependable app is to be deliberate about how we choose to modify it. If we don't adopt your changes or new feature, that doesn't mean it was bad work! It may be that the Science Journal philosophy about how to accomplish a particular task doesn't align well with your approach. The best way to make sure that your time is well spent in contributing to Science Journal iOS is to **start your work** on a modification or new feature **by opening an issue to discuss the problem or shortcoming**. As the Science Journal iOS maintainers, we will do our best to give early feedback about whether a particular goal and approach is likely to be something we want to adopt!

## Code of Conduct

Help us keep Science Journal iOS open and inclusive. Please read and follow our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/google/science-journal-ios/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## License

This project is licensed under the terms of the Apache 2.0 license. See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/google/science-journal-ios/blob/master/LICENSE.md) file.
